kommande-access-gui/README.md, before:

# Application Integration
**Members : Ao XIE, Reynalde SEGERIE, Antoine Viton**

# Context of use
Nous sommes l'équipe de développement d'une jeune entreprise de multimédia dénommé KASA souhaitant automatiser la gestion de son catalogue de produits. L'entreprise KASA besoin d'une application web pour afficher les produits, les trier par catégorie et permettre aux utilisateurs de rechercher des produits.
Par ailleurs, l'entreprise souhaite se démarquer de ses concurrents en proposant une expérience utilisateur de qualité.

Afin de fidéliser sa clientèle, l'entreprise souhaite également mettre en place un système d'espace personnel (authentification, compte utilisateur, etc.) pour permettre aux utilisateurs de sauvegarder leurs produits préférés et de retrouver leurs recherches précédentes.

We are the development team of a young multimedia company called KASA that wants to automate the management of its product catalogue. KASA needed a web application to display products, sort them by category and allow users to search for products.
The company also wanted to stand out from its competitors by offering a high-quality user experience.

In order to build customer loyalty, the company also wanted to set up a personal space system (authentication, user account, etc.) to enable users to save their favourite products and retrieve their previous searches.

# Product Display Workflow

## Overview
The `ListCard` component fetches product data from the `/data` API and displays it based on the selected category (`type`). This document outlines the structure of the data and how the frontend manages product categorization and presentation.

## Data Format
Each product from the API contains the following fields:

- **serialNumber**: A unique identifier for the product.
- **productName**: The product's name, including specific model details.
- **brand**: The brand of the product.
- **model**: The product's specific model identifier.
- **description**: A brief description of the product’s key features and specifications.
- **price**: The price in USD.
- **image**: URL of the product image.
- **clicks**: The number of user clicks or views, indicating popularity.
- **type**: <font color='red'>**_TODO: Need Fix_**</font> The product's category, such as "phone" or "PC".

## Workflow Overview

1. **Data Fetching**:  
   The `ListCard` component makes a request to `/data` to fetch all product data.
   
2. **Category Filtering**:  
   Based on the user’s selected page, the `type` field is used to filter products for display. For example:
   - If the user selects the “smartphone” category, only products with `type: phone` are displayed.

3. **Rendering**:  
   Products matching the selected `type` are displayed as cards, with the following info: name, brand, model, description, price, clicks, and an image.

### Diagram for Display Pages

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A(Home Page) --> B[Fetch All Products Basic Info from API]
    C -->|Using Search Function| G[Show Search Page]
    G --> H[Fetch Products with Key Words from API]
    H --> I[Display Products with Key Word]
    I -->|User selects a product| D
    B --> C[Display all products]
    C -->|User selects a product| D
    C -->|User selects sub-pages| E[Fetch All Products Basic Info from API]
    E --> K[Display Products with Sub-Page]
    K -->|User selects a product| D[Fetch product details form API]
    D --> F(Show product details)
```

# Chatbot Workflow

## Overview
The chatbot is a conversational interface that helps users find products based on their preferences. This document outlines the chatbot's structure and how it interacts with the product data.

## ChatGPT API 
Component of the __ChatBot__ has been implemented using the OpenAI ChatGPT API.  <font color='red'>**_This API need a key which was stocked in the `.env.local` file._**</font> So this file is not included in the repository. Utilize the following format to create the file:
```json
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_key_here
```

## Workflow Overview
```mermaid
graph TD;
    A[User opens chatbot] --> B[Chatbot initialized with useState and useEffect];
    
    B --> C1[Fetch product data from /api/backend];
    C1 --> D1[Backend responds with product data];
    D1 --> E1[Product data processed and displayed in chat];

    E[User sends message] --> F1[Send message to handleResponse];
    F1 --> G1[Fetch from OpenAI API /api/openai];
    G1 --> H1[OpenAI API processes request and returns response];
    H1 --> I1[Response added to chat];

    C1 --> J[Error handling for backend API];
    G1 --> K[Error handling for OpenAI API];
```

Commit message:

Code Refactoring; Search Function
1. Added the ability to search for products
2. Refactored the product API so that the page gets all the products through the API on load and no longer accesses the API, improving the user experience by reducing the number of API accesses and decreasing the page load time.

kommande-access-gui/README.md, after:

# Application Integration
**Members : Ao XIE, Reynalde SEGERIE, Antoine Viton**

# Context of use
Nous sommes l'équipe de développement d'une jeune entreprise de multimédia dénommé KASA souhaitant automatiser la gestion de son catalogue de produits. L'entreprise KASA besoin d'une application web pour afficher les produits, les trier par catégorie et permettre aux utilisateurs de rechercher des produits.
Par ailleurs, l'entreprise souhaite se démarquer de ses concurrents en proposant une expérience utilisateur de qualité.

Afin de fidéliser sa clientèle, l'entreprise souhaite également mettre en place un système d'espace personnel (authentification, compte utilisateur, etc.) pour permettre aux utilisateurs de sauvegarder leurs produits préférés et de retrouver leurs recherches précédentes.

We are the development team of a young multimedia company called KASA that wants to automate the management of its product catalogue. KASA needed a web application to display products, sort them by category and allow users to search for products.
The company also wanted to stand out from its competitors by offering a high-quality user experience.

In order to build customer loyalty, the company also wanted to set up a personal space system (authentication, user account, etc.) to enable users to save their favourite products and retrieve their previous searches.

# Product Display Workflow
<font color='red'>**TODO:** The code in the Getting Data from API section has been refactored and needs to be rewritten except for the flowchart.</font>



## Overview
The `ListCard` component fetches product data from the `/data` API and displays it based on the selected category (`type`). This document outlines the structure of the data and how the frontend manages product categorization and presentation.

## Data Format
Each product from the API contains the following fields:

- **serialNumber**: A unique identifier for the product.
- **productName**: The product's name, including specific model details.
- **brand**: The brand of the product.
- **model**: The product's specific model identifier.
- **description**: A brief description of the product’s key features and specifications.
- **price**: The price in USD.
- **image**: URL of the product image.
- **clicks**: The number of user clicks or views, indicating popularity.
- **type**: <font color='red'>**_TODO: Need Fix_**</font> The product's category, such as "phone" or "PC".

## Workflow Overview

1. **Data Fetching**:  
   The `ListCard` component makes a request to `/data` to fetch all product data.
   
2. **Category Filtering**:  
   Based on the user’s selected page, the `type` field is used to filter products for display. For example:
   - If the user selects the “smartphone” category, only products with `type: phone` are displayed.

3. **Rendering**:  
   Products matching the selected `type` are displayed as cards, with the following info: name, brand, model, description, price, clicks, and an image.

### Diagram for Display Pages

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A(Home Page) --> B[Fetch All Products Basic Info from API]
    C -->|Using Search Function| G[Show Search Page]
    G --> H[Filter Products with Key Word]
    H --> I[Display Products with Key Word]
    I -->|User add a product to cart| D
    B --> C[Display all products]
    C -->|User add a product to cart| D
    C -->|User selects sub-pages| E[Filter Products with Sub-Page]
    E --> K[Display Products with Sub-Page]
    K -->|User add a product to cart| D(Product added to cart)

```

# Chatbot Workflow

## Overview
The chatbot is a conversational interface that helps users find products based on their preferences. This document outlines the chatbot's structure and how it interacts with the product data.

## ChatGPT API 
Component of the __ChatBot__ has been implemented using the OpenAI ChatGPT API.  <font color='red'>**_This API need a key which was stocked in the `.env.local` file._**</font> So this file is not included in the repository. Utilize the following format to create the file:
```json
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_key_here
```

## Workflow Overview
```mermaid
graph TD;
    A[User opens chatbot] --> B[Chatbot initialized with useState and useEffect];
    
    B --> C1[Fetch product data from /api/backend];
    C1 --> D1[Backend responds with product data];
    D1 --> E1[Product data processed and displayed in chat];

    E[User sends message] --> F1[Send message to handleResponse];
    F1 --> G1[Fetch from OpenAI API /api/openai];
    G1 --> H1[OpenAI API processes request and returns response];
    H1 --> I1[Response added to chat];

    C1 --> J[Error handling for backend API];
    G1 --> K[Error handling for OpenAI API];
```

# Search Functionality

## Overview

by using Fuse.js, the search functionality allows users to search for products based on keywords. This document outlines the search functionality and how it interacts with the product data.
